hi everyone today I'm doing a vibrant
and colorful makeup look I've used this
really pretty shimmery violet eyeshadow
and paired it with a basil pink lip this
is the final look that I would be
recreating in this video I'm not going
to do my foundation I've already done it
and I'm gonna start straight away with
the eye makeup I'm using this eyeliner
from faces Canada the shade is called
metallic plum and it is from the long
wear pencil eye pencil range and I'm
going to use this as a base so I've
applied too thickly along the upper lash
line and I'm just using a flat fluffy
brush to smudge out and smoke out that
eyeliner this is really the easiest tip
to make your eyeshadow colors look more
vibrant to have them last long and just
to intensify the color especially when
you're walking with any color or eye
shadow using a similar eye pencil color
underneath really helps next I'm going
to use this really pretty eye shadow
from makeup geek this is the foiled
eyeshadow in the shade Catlin Rose it's
a really pretty blue ish purple shimmer
and it's one of the foil eyeshadow so
it's got a really pretty it's very
metallic kind of finish and these are
best applied with fingers you just get
the maximum color payoff if you use your
fingers so that's what I have used and
to blend this out I'm using the shade
last dance also from makeup geek and
this is a very warm almost brownish plum
color so it's really good for blending
out these kind of very vibrant violets
if you've got one of those on the lid
last dance is really good in the crease
so I've just applied it in the crease
line and I'm just blending it out to get
a very seamless finish without any
patchiness and that is going to be it
for the eyeshadows I'm not using any
more eye shadows this is a really simple
look that you can do really in five
minutes I'm just going to line my lower
lash line with an eye pencil this is by
NYX this is the slide on eye pencil
the shade is jewel it's another similar
color family it's a plum color but it's
more a full rosy plum not like a very
purpley dark plum it's got a little bit
of shimmer also and it just looks really
pretty on brown eyes and just goes
really well with the eyeshadows I've
used and I'm just going to use a pointed
brush to smudge out that I pencil little
bit because I don't like a harsh line on
my lower lash line you can just use your
finger or a cotton bud for this step
coming to the lashes I'm going to use
the color bar eyelash color and then I'm
using a mascara from a Japanese
drugstore brand this is the hero in make
volume and curl mascara now I have not
used any black eyeliner in this look but
if you have really short or really thin
eyelashes I would recommend using a
little bit of black liner and that's
just because when you're using a very
bright colored eye shadow it's good to
have a bit of black color framing your
lashes and in you know in general in
that area and that just makes that
vibrant eye shadow a little more
bearable so if you have really short or
thin eyelashes I would recommend just do
a thin black line on your upper lash
line already done my foundation I use
the YSL Touche Clark foundation and now
I'm applying bronzer I've also set my
foundation with powder I'm just going to
list all those products in the
description box below this is the Bahama
Mama bronzer from the balm and it is
absolutely wonderful I've reviewed this
in detail on the blog so I'll just put a
link to that you can read that below use
it as a bronzer or as a contouring
powder I'm just sweeping a little bit of
it along my jaw line as well so blush
I'm using a more by NARS you can use any
pink blush for this look
you can also do like a nude blush but I
just like using pink lipstick and pink
blush with purples I think it just goes
really well together to highlight my
cheekbones I'm using the mary lou
manizer from the balm it's a really
beautiful really soft silky powder
highlighter you can see that instant
glow it adds to the cheeks I'm also
using a little bit of it on the brow
bone if you recall I have not used
anything in the brow bone while doing my
eye makeup coming to the lips I am going
to use this colorburst matte balm in the
shade and yousuf this is from Revlon and
this is a pistol pink color for my
complexion if your very pale this might
be like a rosy color on if you have a
much deeper complexion this might be a
little bit light for you so you can use
the shade sultry also from the same
range it's also one of the shades I
really like but I wanted to use
something a little more pistol for this
look so this is the color that I have
used I'm just patting it with my finger
just to make sure I don't have too much
color on my lips and just give it a more
stained natural looking finish and as a
last step I'm going to add a little bit
of gloss and this is a sheer berry pink
color from the brand kate which is a
Japanese drugstore brand I don't
remember the shade right now but I'm
just going to put that in the
description box below really pretty
color this is not available outside of
Japan as far as I know so you can just
use any sort of medium pink colored
gloss that you like and that is the
finished look a vibrant shimmery violet
I paired with glossy pistil pink lip and
pink cheeks this is a really pretty look
for the summer and for the spring if
you're going for like a day out with
your friends or for a summer evening
party
I think this loop goes really nicely
with pink outfits and that is it for
this video I hope you enjoyed this
tutorial thank you so much for watching
and I'll see you soon in my next video
bye